The Unstoppable Legion:

Yet another campaign that involves saving the world, with every chiche I can lay my hands on for the storyline, as these are the best.

Many thanks to contributors for Extended Era and Imperial Era, whose images I've nicked and whose units I've derived from.

v 0.1: First three scenarios.

v 0.1.0a: Fixed bug that somehow slipped through where the dark riders Jaan Delfris summons promptly hack him to bits.

v 0.1.1: Fourth scenario, "The Front Line" added.
	Size of "More Than a Match" reduced for more intense gameplay.
	Various changes to "A Test of Valour" to make battle more challenging (but target kills reduced to keep it achievable).
	Level 2 Dark Warriors introduced.
	Started fixing duff sound effects.

v 0.1.2: Fifth scenario "The Dwarf and the Lich" added.
	Numerous AI and balancing adjustments to "A Test of Valour" and "The Front Line"
	More sound effects fixed.
	Viktor can now advance to level 3.
	Dark riders now appear on enemy keeps as if they are being recalled.
	Fixed anomoly where Mounted Commander and Bowknight are weaker than the units they advanced from in some respects.

v 0.2.0: Bug-fixing and balancing only.
	Tweaked villages and turn-limit in "More Than a Match" to make it more of a balance between accumulating gold and staying away from the dark riders.
	Further tweaking to AI in "A Test of Valour" to curb General Karak's suicidal attacks.
	Deuterus is now on horseback in "The Front Line"
	Added alternative endings to "The Dwarf and the Lich" in the event that someone somehow manages to kill the Orcish Warlord or the Ancient Lich.

v .0.2.1: New scenario "Beneath Enemy Lines" added as alternative to "The Front Line"
	"The Dwarf and the Lich" adapted to allow for different starting position and forces when coming from "Beneath Enemy Lines"
	Fixed bug in "The Dwarf and the Lich" that causes you to lose if someone other than Deuterus defeats Mal-Margheera (I hope)
	Hero and loyal markers introduced
	Level 3 unit added and balancing alterations made to Bowrider line.
	Turn limit in "A Test of Valour" slightly extended to allow a chance to defeat Jaan Delfris in the final few turns when it's not dark.

v 0.2.2: New scenario "Ancient Friends" added, following on from "The Dwarf and the Lich"
	Fixed bugs that prevented mounted units being reinstated to recall list.
	"An Unlikely Hero" now begins with outlaws helping you break through enemy lines.
	Outlaws stay with you until end of third scenario, with bonus if lead outlaw survives.
	Some broken image links on custom units fixed.
	Loyal marker recoloured to something more visible. (Still need a better one though.)

v. 0.2.3: New scenario "The Forgotten Front" added. (Additional branch to The Front Line / Beneath Enemy Lines)
	"The Dwarf and the Lich" and "Ancient Friends" added to take into account path via new scenario.
	Deaths messages now moved into deaths.cfg file, with new messages for Hubert and Halgar the Mighty.
	Level 2 advancement of Dark Cultist introduced.
	Altered image of dismounted commander so that Viktor no longer looks like he's standing on tiptoes.
	Corrected advancement of Mounted Commander.

v. 0.3.0: Bug-fixing and balancing only.
	Introduced level 3 units in Dark Fighter and Dark Cultist lines, and used them as enemy leaders in some scenarios.
	Wesnoth-3, Wesnoth-4, Victory and Defeat music included.
	Scenario objectives now distinguish between parial objectives and scenario-winning objectives.
	Rebalanced "An Unlikely Hero" so that there's still a proper battle to fight when Viktor gets back.
	Strength potion and level 2 General Karak units included in "The Front Line" to make it a bit easier.
	More monsters in "Beneath Enemy Lines" to make it harder.
	Fixed bug in "The Forgotten Front".
	Starting time of day changed in some scenarios to optimise AI skill, balance and gameplay.
	Dark Riders now have their own images.
	XP and level now preserved when Viktor / Deuterus mount/dismount.
	Recruitment delays from caves and sea in "The Dwarf and the Lich" as previously they were too easy.
	Prince Sven now has leadership like he was supposed to.
	Tweaked recruitment in Ancient Friends so that side 4 recruits mixture of dark fighters and skeletons.
	Dialgoue-only scenario "The Calm before the Storm" added.

v. 0.3.1: New scenario "Race Against Time" added, and lots of new units added in the process.
	Portraits for Viktor, Deuterus, Rufus, Prince Sven and Mal-Margheera added.
	Images for bowrider line updated to new Imperial Era images.

v. 0.3.2: New scenario "The Mines of Alsok", with Dwarvish Battle Prince and Dwarvish Alchemist introduced.
	Added Holibar and Gendarme as alternate advancements from Cavalryman.
	Started including help boxes on Easy for changes to rules.
	Portait for General Karak added, and portraits for Prince Sven and Mal-Margheera now actually work.
	Altered "A Test of Valour" to make objectives a little clearer.
	Some bug-fixing and rebalancing in "The Dwarf and the Lich".
	Reduced amount of deep water in "The Forgotten Front" to lessen Cuttlefish overload.

v. 0.3.3: New scenario "Prejudice and Pride" added
	Added Cataphract as alternative advancement from Cavalryman
	Added Mounted Marksman as alternate advancement from Bowknight
	Dwarvish Prince can now advance to Dwarvish Battle Prince
	Dark Riders can advance to Dark Slayers
	Some rebalancing of "An Unlikely Hero" so that there's something left for Viktor to save when he returns
	Keep troll guards in "The Dwarf and the Lich" stationary on first three turns otherwise too hard on Medium
	Hopefully fixed bug in "The Dwarf and the Lich" which sometimes prevented Mal-Margheera appearing
	Rebalancing of "Race Against Time", also found to be too hard on medium previously
	Gameplay06 and drums replace wesnoth-3 and wesnoth-4 as music (gameplay06 published as seperate add-on)

v. 0.3.3.1: Changed the way Mal-Margheera appears in "The Dwarf and the Lich" to hopefully squish bug once and for all
	Changed drums.ogg to work better with the Wesnoth music player not properly looping.

v. 0.3.3.2: Bug-fixing and balancing
	Clarified objectives by using "or"
	Move bounty for killing enemy leaders in "A Test of Valour" to the following scenario
	Turn limit on "The Front Line" increased to make scenario easier and increase gold for next scenario.
	Fixed various bugs that allow you to continue recalling certain units when you shouldn't
	Deuterus's bonus HP for AMLAs now preserved when he mounts and dismounts
	Lava in "Race Against Time" now starts appearing in Turn 2 to break story flow a bit
	Hopefully fixed bug so that any units lost at the end of "Race Against Time" or "The Mines of Alsok" actually are lost.
	Drakes now stay away from northern enemy keep in "Prejudice and Pride" so that battle isn't over (one way or the other) before it's started
	In "The Forgotten Front",use goto_x and goto_y so that reinforcements make a bigger attempt to take the keep.
	Prince Sven now gains the loyal trait when joining Viktor.

v. 0.4.0: Final bug-fixing
	Added a couple of pictures to the story sections.
	More help messages on Easy.
	All images are now team coloured.
	Used CLEAR_VARIABLE macro to remove most variables cluttering up save files.
	Partly fixed bug where units cut off in "Race Against Time" and "The Mines of Alsok" weren't dying.
	Fixed gold carryover bug for "Prejudice and Pride".
	Daemons now actually do side with the baddies in "Prejudice and Pride" if you didn't get the scroll.

Known issues:

Elder Woses don't seem to start invisible like they should.
Units on recall list aren't being deleted. (Shh! Don't tell anyone.)
Dwarf and the Lich map probably wants widening.
Various balancing and playability issues with Prejudice and Pride.

Playtested in Wesnoth 1.2.4
